Open your eyes.
What's wrong with you?
Doing that today will only shame you.
It makes your face look ugly.
People don't like you.
You're bullshit.
Tell me who you love.
It's not clear today.
Nobody's going.
Yes, is there anything that can't be said clearly?
You talk first.
Tell me, who to choose?
I have cancelled the engagement for you.
You are worried about being told that the love affair has been resolved.
What are you worried about?
You say, I left my wife and children because of you, I just want to be with you.
I can't believe you have so many obscure subjects.
Ricky, who did you choose?
Sister, did you really hang me?
Is it lying to me to say that I graduated with me to travel abroad?
You told me to cancel my marriage to Khuc Yen.
I did.
You don't admit it now, do you?
Everybody listen to this recording.